Burning Man Clothes & Style Guide* You can walk around naked at burning man, many do, but always nice to have options. The idea with clothing at burning man is that you should be dressing as though you are part of a stage act, we are all characters in some bizarre play, not dressed like audience members. Wear something that is at least a little off the wall. It is ideal to completely go it on your own and come up with your own unique ideas- so think of this list as less of a Øgo buy all this shitÆ and more of a, most people have these items, just to give you a jumping off point.ò * Clothes shopping for Burning Man can feel overwhelming at first. If you donít know where to start, look on Instagram or Google and find a few looks you like. It helps to get inspired and then build from there.* Itís recommended to get everything as early as possible, ideally months in advance, especially if youíre ordering from China. Shipping delays are real. Thrift stores are great, and Amazon, Temu, Shein, and Etsy (usually more expensive) are all good places to look.Plan for Different Temperatures* Youíll need different outfits throughout the day.* In the morning, youíll probably want something comfortable for coffee and breakfast around camp.* During the day, it gets really hot. Youíll want light clothes and sometimes as little as possible.* At night, it can get cold, sometimes really cold. Layers are key.* Some years it is so cold that you will need a full fur jacket, hat and gloves, and other years the nights are so warm you will wear the same outfit day and night and never look at your coats. You never know what youíre going to get, so bring options and layers.* The most common activity at night is to bike around, so you can always throw extra layers in your bike basket.* Definitely pack a hat and gloves. You might not use them, but if it turns into a cold year, youíll be very happy you brought them.Try Everything On Before You Leave* Make sure you try all your outfits on before you go. See what looks good together and what doesnít. Out there, you probably wonít have a proper mirror or the space to try a bunch of things on, so it really helps if everything is organized ahead of time.* Some people pack each outfit in a Ziploc bag and organize them by day. It might sound extra, but it makes life easier and it keeps your clothes clean and dust-free until you wear them.Jackets* Bring a few different types maybe a short one, a longer one, something with a hood. Fake fur coats are very common. Boots & Camp Shoes* Comfortable boots are important. You need something you can wear for hours without getting blisters, especially at night. You might be gone for 8+ hours, and you donít want to head back just because your feet hurt. You can also have a few fun ones that you can wear for shorter period of time.* Wear your boots before you go. Donít break them in on the playa.* Itís also nice to have a slip-on pair of shoes just for camp. Youíll probably be going from one RV to another, and itís easier to slide something on and off instead of lacing up every time.Socks* Bring more socks than you think you need. I recommend two pairs per day. Your feet will get hot and sweaty, and changing into fresh socks makes a big difference. Just make sure theyíre comfortable and work with all your boots.Belt / Backpack Unless youíre outside your RV or tent, you pretty much need your belt or backpack on you at all times. It sounds dramatic, but a dust storm can roll in between the time you walk to the bathroom and back.Here are the items you will want to carry with you pretty much any time you walk out of camp:* Goggles* A mask (some people wear it around their neck all the time, but I find that way too hot), I prefer a neck gaiter or a scarf* Tissues (the porta-potties donít always have toilet paper, and by nighttime they can be pretty gross itís best to walk in ready so you can be quick)* Sunscreen* ChapStick* Water jug* Utility belt or small backpack, hydration backpack. If your backpack has a water bladder and is well lit, thatís three birds with one stone- storage, hydration, lighting. * ID in case you want to stop at a bar. Some people get away with photocopies of their ID, but it is recommended to bring your actual, maybe in your phone case. * Some type of mug with which you can receive free beverages. Lights (Non-Negotiable at Night)* At night, if you donít have lights or something glowing on you, people wonít see you and you run the very real risk of getting run over by an art car or an ebike. Make sure you are lit up. People who donít light themselves are called ØdarkwadsÆ. Donít be a darkwad, and bring lights to throw at (gift) them when you see them. * You can get fairy lights on Amazon and weave them into your hair or outfit. There are tons of options just grab a few different things. We used glow-in-the-dark wristbands.* I also highly recommend a small flashlight (not your phone). A headlamp works great, you can keep it around your neck or in your pocket for easy access.* Especially for the bathroom.* First, it helps you see if a porta-potty is occupied. Then once youíre inside, it helps you get situated. The bathrooms get pretty rough as the week goes on, so you want to be in and out. I like having my light around my neck and toilet paper already in my hand before I go in. Just assume there wonít be any in there.Accessories* Cool, different sunglasses are great to have. Itís nice to bring a few pairs so you can switch them up depending on your hats, scarves, or wigs. Same goes for jewelry, bring lots of fun, playful pieces. Fun boots and shoes too.* Just donít bring anything thatís actually valuable to you. The playa dust is no joke and it will destroy things. If youíd be sad about losing it or ruining it, leave it at home.* Can be a fun activity during other travels to buy large, inexpensive pieces of jewelry to wear on playa. For guys, a necklace can be your shirt during the day. Leaving the Playa* If youíre flying or taking a bus home, pack a clean set of clothes in a separate Ziploc bag including clean shoes and a towel. That way you can shower before leaving and not put dusty clothes back on. Even if youíre driving, itís really nice to have clean clothes for the ride home. Youíll be very ready to wear regular clothes and you might appreciate being able to fade into the woodwork a little during gas stops!Donít* Donít bring clothes or accessories with feathers, sequins, glitter, or anything that can fall off and become MOOP (Matter Out Of Place).* If pieces start shedding, youíre basically creating trash that becomes someone elseís problem and you donít want to be that person.* When in doubt, leave it at home.Bathroom Reality Check* Youíre not allowed to pee on the playa. Itís part of the principle ØLeave No Trace,Æ and yes, you can get a ticket for it.* Youíll need to find a porta-potty. At night, theyíre marked by blue lights, one at each end of the row of portoís- so in a sea of LEDís, look for two lame ones that donít move that are a the same height and about 30 yards away from each other. Find that, and you have found yourself some portoís. * A ranger once gave me this pro tip: keep a Ziploc bag with a dry sponge in it. Itís for emergencies only. You can use it if absolutely necessary and dispose of it properly back at camp later. I always carry oneè and Iíve never had to use it. But itís good to have.